chore: Added a few lines on keeping in sync with the repo (#1133)
keptn/keptn.github.io: CONTRIBUTING.md

4. Remember to sync your fork with the master branch regularly.
To do this:

   Go to github and copy the url of the main keptn-github-io repo
   ```   
   https://github.com/keptn/keptn.github.io.git
   ```

>    make sure to be in the rootfolder of the project and the branch should be master branch and type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Be sure that you are in the root folder of the project and in the master branch.
   Issue the following command:
```
